# System builder for the 1-BPA model.
_Originally written by Ali Ghavami, re-written into Python by Anton Jansen, further edits by Henry de Vries_

- This folder contains a system builder (`build.py`) that transforms an input sequence file into a set of simulation files for the GROMACS simulation engine. 
- The code generates the required topology, index and structure files at a coarse-grained (1-*B*ead *P*er *A*mino-acid) resolution.
- The above is found in the `Outputs`-directory, all files within the `grom`-folder are copied here as well.
- Forcefield parameters for the 1-BPA model (See Ghavami et al. BPJ) are also generated, but the tables that underlie these custom interactions are found in the `grom` directory (for bonded interactions) and generated by the user (non-bonded interactions) via `tablegen.py`.
- Analysis of the Stokes radius of the IDP is possible by means of HYDRO++, which is supplied (+ instructions) in the `grom/hydro` folder.
- Simulation commands (incl. those for computer clusters used at RUG) are included in the `grom/runfiles` directory.

Please read + cite the following two papers:

A. Ghavami, L.M. Veenhoff, E. van der Giesse and P.R. Onck, _Probing the Disordered Domain of the Nuclear Pore Complex through Coarse-Grained Molecular Dynamics Simulations_, Biophys J. 2014 Sep 16; 107(6): 1393–1402.

A. Ghavami, E. van der Giessen and P.R. Onck, _Coarse-Grained Potentials for Local Interactions in Unfolded Proteins_, J. Chem. Theory Comput. 2013, 9, 1, 432-440


